README.md, before:

This is a default [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app), customized as the default boilerplate for new Web3 projects.

## Features

- Separate packages from ethers.js for improved tree-shaking, often only ethers Contracts
- Hooks-first approach to fetching and caching data from Contracts and memoization for performance with SWR
- web3-react for ease of connecting to Web3 providers with a solid API

## Previous Art

- [NoahZinsmeister/hypertext](https://github.com/NoahZinsmeister/hypertext)

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Add note with with-typescript branch

README.md, after:

This is a default [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app), customized as the default boilerplate for new Web3 projects.

## Update

Just added a TypeScript version of this boilerplate and upgrade the dependencies for the regular JavaScript version as well.

[with-typescript Branch](https://github.com/mirshko/next-web3-boilerplate/tree/with-typescript)

## Features

- Separate packages from ethers.js for improved tree-shaking, often only ethers Contracts
- Hooks-first approach to fetching and caching data from Contracts and memoization for performance with SWR
- web3-react for ease of connecting to Web3 providers with a solid API

## Previous Art

- [NoahZinsmeister/hypertext](https://github.com/NoahZinsmeister/hypertext)

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
